# Reference
ID:         ocds-0c46vo-0133-054387-2019_Tender_054387-2019_td
Keywords:   [station (train), design, build]
Text:       "A new station Brent Cross West is proposed on the Midland Main Line MML.  The new station is part of the wider Brent Cross Cricklewood BXC development.  Outline planning consent for the development has been granted.  The new station is required to be completed commissioned handed over into operations and maintenance by May 2022.  The project proposals have been developed to GRIP4 single option development and have achieved approval in principle.  London Borough of Barnet LBB requires the scheme to be developed to the completion of GRIP stages 5 to 8.  LBB invite interested suppliers with the necessary experience and capability to successfully deliver a design and build contract to express an interest and register for this opportunity.  LBB will shortlist up to 3 highest scoring suppliers at SQ stage to the Initial Tender ITT stage."

# High Similarity
ID:         ocds-0c46vo-0020-gosharedservices_231_Tender_gosharedservices_231
Keywords:   [**station (train)**, *study*, improvements]
Text:       "The purpose of this study is1. Identify the current role and function of Hanborough Station and the main current issues associated with the station and the rail service such as traffic congestion on the A4095 single track line short platform and sub-standard pedestrian and cycle network2. Set out the main improvements currently planned for Hanborough Station and the Cotswold and Malvern Line together with a timeline for provision3. Consider the potential role of Hanborough Station as a transportmobility hub and what additional improvements would be feasible in the short medium and long term including the provision of appropriate vehicular public transport pedestrian and cycle connections to the station as part of an assessment of firstlast mile and whole journey passenger needs especially from the proposed developments at Eynsham Witney and Woodstock and4. Look at the opportunities to facilitate the funding and delivery of improvements including consideration of the production of a Station Travel Plan. The study will also form part of the supporting evidence base for the Area Action Plan AAP and the Supplementary Planning Document SPD being produced for the garden village and West Eynsham respectively and for the West Oxfordshire Infrastructure Delivery Plan IDP."


# Medium Similarity
ID:         ocds-0c46vo-0133-118650-2019_Tender_118650-2019_td
Keywords:   [**design**, **build**, car-park, bus-interchange, *station* (at)]
Text:       "Coventry City Council is following a restricted tender procedure to appoint a contractor to undertake the design and build of a second entrance building and multi-storey car park and bus interchange at coventry railway station.  The current outline design is at GRIP 4 stage Form 001002 Form A or AiP."

# Low Similarity
ID:         ocds-0c46vo-0133-005896-2019_Tender_005896-2019_td
Keywords:   [*station* (fire), new, **build**]
Text:       "Lillehammer regional fire service is responsible for joint fire preparedness for the municipalities of Lillehammer yer and Gausdal.  The main fire station with round the clock staffing is at Lillehammer.   The current fire station at Lillehammer has older buildings and does not satisfy the requirements and needs for a modern and future oriented fire station.   In Lillehammer municipality's adopted governing document for 2019  2022 funds have been set aside in the investment budget for a new fire station.   On this basis it has been decided to set in motion the process to build a new fire station.   Lillehammer municipality has acquired a site for the new fire station.  The site address is Industrigata 29 2619 Lillehammer and is located in the northern area of Lillehammer.  The site area is approx.  12 decares.   In addition to a fire station the project will also include premises for the Feiervesenet and sivilforsvaret the Chimney Authority and Civil Defence.  The total area being considered for the construction is approximately 3 500 m    4 000 m  .   Engineering design and implementation are planned for the period March 2019  September 2021. "

# None Similarity
ID:         ocds-0c46vo-0133-139515-2019_Tender_139515-2019_td
Keywords:   [*design*, branding, marketing, *station (train)*]
Text:       "The scope of the services includes but is not limited to design of scheme specific branding  eye catching current unique and relevant design and production of scheme sales brochure-s in both print and web-suitable formats printing of sales brochures and other sales literature which includes recommending materials for print and liaising with suppliers production and printing of a range of other marketing materials  for example exhibition stands pop-uppull-up stands promotional branded items and storage of such items as required copywriting covering but not be limited to providing copy for scheme brochures producing adverts promotional advertorials and scheme specific editorial if required production of floor plans block plans site maps and other scheme drawings created using architects plans supplied by Newlon which on occasion require cleaning of additional layers of information information to be supplied in CAD where possible local area photography of schemes supply of all scheme assets including logos photography and floor plans in JPEG for use on our website and various other property portals production of photorealistic computer-generated images for marketing purposes design and build of content managed microsites for larger developments ensuring the content is current and up to date at all times design of on-site signage such as hoardings banners and contra-vision panels installation of the above on site signage including but not limited to liaising with construction site staff and supplying them with the necessary information required before gaining access to site project management of any out sourced services such as photography and signage installation CGI production 2D and 3D floor plans and printing liaison with media buyers with quick turnarounds including same day and in the right format design and production of sales aids for marketing suiteshow homes and launch events such as plot boards and general signage design of artwork for online and offline advertising design andor production of HTML emailers design andor production of digital adverts such as GIFs banner adverts or Facebook advertising images design of outdoor advertising such as train station adverts 48 sheet and 96 sheet outdoor posters design andor production of information leaflets and guides supply of all design files in their native format e. g.  IndesignPhotoshopIllustrator managing requirements for Affordable Home Shows Newlon choose to participate in and the hiring or any additional items required including helium for balloons and tablets scheme-specific launch events including but not limited to booking relevant venues as approved by Newlon planning and securing any catering requirements and assisting with event delivery show flat fit-outs if required."
